so what I'll do is I'll keep the both
brackets then if I get one of the jobs
I'll only take one jacket back keep the
other is a treat you read it on Sunday
that's exactly what mom said oh my god
yeah Suze yet for me to smoke all right
so I was it all going with Dave live him
together than that well you know he's
got his folks like I'm life
they're just magnifies when you live in
a caravan oh you finds an earwig of in
my old rule I absolutely love it I wake
up in the mornin and think gosh I
minbari
I just hope God likes the job so that we
can stay and get our own place the thing
about relationships it's all about give
and take
sometimes you get sometimes et that's my
problem with Dave I only want to give
he's fed up a taken